(Yuma)
Last time onYu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL...
Your defeat is inevitable.
Numeron calling!
Huh?
The energy flowing through
the Numeron Network
is powering his monsters.
Yuma... I can attempt to
follow the energy signature
back to its origin...
and discover the location
of the Numeron Network card.
That light!
This is it!
I will remove this card
and then destroy it.
But if you destroy that card,
then all the immense energy
that has accumulated
at that location
will be instantly unleashed.
Though Astral World may survive,
Earth definitely will not.
I know what I must do...
and I do this for the future!
Earth will be fine...
I will absorb all the energy.
(gasping)
Eliphas?
My time has finally come.
But your time
is just beginning.
Eliphas! No!
He is no more. But he left us
something to remember him by.
Your win's not a sure
thing anymore, is it♪
For the sake
of the whole universe,
you're going down!
♪
♪ Still together as one ♪
♪ 'Cause divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go,
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way ♪
♪ You know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time,
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today ♪
♪ You just wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears are gone
erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls ♪
♪ 'Til the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our souls
can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together ♪
♪ Regret it never ♪
♪ Our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ Our light
comes shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep ♪
♪ Beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing ♪
♪ Believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
Yuma and Nash!
Our victory is close at hand.
You think victory is any closer
because you
destroyed one obstacle
and regained a few life points?
You shall learn how wrong
you are! I draw!
You cannot avoid your destiny
to fall before my monsters!
Numeron Chaos Gate Sunya
resurrects!
Too little too late.
We shut
the Numeron Network down.
Without it, Sunya can't
survive on the field!
How do ya like that,
Don Thousand?
So much for your Chaos Gate!
You fools...
You are dueling a deity.
I have prepared for every
possibility, including this.
I activate the spell
Numeron Chaos Ritual!
Since Numeron Sunya
was destroyed...
Numeron Chaos Ritual allows me
to treat Numeron Network
and four other Numbers in my
graveyard as Level 12 monsters
which I can then use
to XYZ summon!
(gasping)
Behold your demise!
I overlay Numeron Network
with Numbers 1 through 4!
I XYZ summon
Chaos Number 1,000!
Witness the ascension
of Numeronius!
(Yuma)
This just keeps
getting better!
10,000 attack points!
(gasping)
You will fall to the power
that stands before you.
Tremble in fear
as Numeronius proceeds to
annihilate Silent Honor Dark!
This is not good.
Do something!
I got this. I activate
the trap Tidal Advantage!
This'll cut Numeronius's
attack points in half...
and save Silent Honor Dark
from being destroyed.
Another pointless gesture...
You will still take damage.
(all screaming)
(Don Thousand)
And more terror will
rain down on Astral World.
Do not fear...
we must stay strong.
Astral and Yuma
are battling to save us.
We must believe in them.
(groaning)
You may have survived
that attack...
But that was just a mere
sample of Numeronius's power.
You will now feel
its full wrath!
Its special ability
destroys every monster
on your field after battle.
(groaning)
No!
Furthermore...
every monster that I sent to
the graveyard during this turn
is summoned to my field
in defense mode!
Your monster is mine.
You cannot win!
He's got us.
(Yuma)
Don't say that.
It's what he wants.
He wants to break us.
But he won't!
He may control our cards but
he's got no control over us!
So he can't make us lose heart!
Astral... you ready?
Always.
It's time to
high-five the sky...
And feel the flow!
When two distant souls
become one...
the power of Zexal is revealed!
(both) Go, Zexal Morph!
Your time is up!
Your theatrics
do not impress me.
Then this totally will!
Don Thousand,
a truly powerful duelist
can shape
the outcome of a duel...
He can even generate the very
cards that he needs to draw!
Go Shining Draw!
First, I activate
the spell card RE-XYZ!
This allows me to use monsters
in my graveyard to XYZ summon!
I overlay my Gagaga Magician
and my Toy Knight!
I XYZ summon Number 39 Utopia!
Your maneuver is pointless.
Numeronius uses
one Chaos Overlay Unit
to destroy your monster.
Utopia!
Then I can summon one new
Chaos Number to your field.
Appear... Utopia Ray Victory!
(Yuma)
But.. Why would you
destroy Utopia
and replace it with Victory?
Because... As long as
I have Numeronius...
Your Chaos Numbers
are worthless.
They cannot use their special
abilities, nor can they attack!
(both groaning)
Oh no. So then,
they can't do anything?
Yeah? So what!
We've faced
much worse than this!
I told you that we'll use
all our power to defeat you!
(gasping)
(Astral)
When two hearts join together
in the spirit of hope,
nothing is impossible!
(Astral and Yuma)
Go, Zexal Morph!
I'm stronger... than ever!
All right!
Show 'em who's boss, Yuma!
I activate the spell
XYZ Treasure!
For every XYZ monster
on the field,
I'm able to draw one card!
And since you have two
while I have one,
we're talking three new cards
that are coming to my hand!
Which means this is
gonna be a triple threat!
Watch me generate
the very cards that I need!
Go, Shining Draw!
Get ready, Don Thousand.
'Cause I'm summoning
Ouroboros Sage!
(Astral)
After it is
successfully summoned,
we can also summon a monster
from the graveyard!
Here it comes!
Number 101...
Silent Honor Ark!
Next, I activate Ouroboros
Sage's special ability!
Both Ouroboros Sage and Utopia
Ray Victory equip onto Ark,
combining
all their attack points...
But the awesome doesn't
stop there...
Any monster equipped with
Ouroboros Sage
doubles its attack points.
It has 11,000 attack points...
And your monster doesn't.
Go! Attack!
Strike down Numeronius!
Rising Sun Ark Victory Slash!
Bam!
Gettin' it done!
Yeah!
No more Numeronius
to worry about.
But wait, Yuma...
Huh?
What's the deal?
He still has Numeronius?
Silent Honor Dark
isn't on his field!
I have told you that
your attempts to defeat me
are futile, have I not?
By sending Silent Honor Dark
to the graveyard,
I was able to stop Numeronius
from being destroyed.
Hmm.
You've gotta be
kidding me...
Afraid not.
And just as before...
Numeronius annihilates
every monster on your field!
And they return
as your adversaries
because they are all
summoned to my field!
There is nothing you can do
that I cannot undo.
(groaning)
Even ZEXAL didn't work.
How do we defeat this guy?
I told you, Yuma...
there is no way to oppose
my limitless powers.
Why, even Astral cannot deny
this unavoidable fact.
When we fought eons ago,
you thought you won,
but that is far from the truth.
What are you talking about?
That battle was
merely a precursor
in my long-term strategy.
It appeared as if
you destroyed me,
but you were actually
more hurt than I was.
Your powers and memories
were shattered into pieces,
scattered throughout
the human world,
lost along
with the Numeron Code.
My powers were also locked away
by the Mytherian Numbers,
but I remained patient,
making sure they fell
into the right hands.
And you tricked them
into helping you.
Correct.
And the longer
they wielded my power,
the stronger I grew.
So while Astral remained weak,
I was mightier than ever!
You humans are
so easy to manipulate.
Their resistance to
my control was pathetic.
Nash, even your dearest friend
Dumon succumbed in the end.
(sinister chuckling)
And your sister
never stood a chance.
And you, Nash.
What about me?
You were most instrumental
in resurrecting my power,
though you never realized it.
(Yuma)
That's enough,
Don Thousand!
Nobody wants to
hear you babble.
All you're trying to do
is throw us off
and make us doubt ourselves.
Guess what...
it's not gonna work.
Humans may have had a hand
in bringing you back...
But this human's
sending you away!
I place these four cards...
and end my turn!
You still cling to
the tiniest hope.
But that is all about to end.
I activate
the spell card Numeron Storm!
When Numeronius is on my field,
this Storm destroys all of
your spell and trap cards.
(all gasping)
You have lost everything...
but you will still lose more!
Numeron Storm deals you
1,000 points of damage!
(screaming)
(groaning)
This is not good.
Is there no way they can win?
You have no monsters...
No facedown cards...
No cards in your hands...
Your pathetic efforts end here!
Numeronius!
Attack them directly!
Farewell, Yuma.
Numeronius!
Attack them directly!
(groaning)
Farewell, Yuma.
Yuma!
I tried my best!
(Kite) Well, try harder.
Huh?
(Kite)
Giving up
is not your style.
Can it be?
Impossible...
You're not seriously
going to let
some big deity
push you around...
are you?
Kite!
I left you something, Yuma.
Remember?
Use it.
Of course.
Kite's card.
Numeron Dragon...
Kite is counting on me.
And I promise that
I won't let him down!
Okay, guys.
We got this!
Here's Number 100!
Numeron Dragon!
If you attack me
when I have no cards
on my field or in my hand,
I can summon this monster
in defense mode!
(Don Thousand)
So you managed to awaken
the great Numeron Dragon...
No matter... Numeronius,
attack Numeron Dragon!
I activate Numeron Dragon's
special ability!
Numeronius loses
all its attack points!
A hollow gesture.
My Numeronius still destroys
your Numeron Dragon
after the battle!
Yuma... Now!
On it!
When Numeron Dragon
is destroyed,
all your monsters
get destroyed too!
So just like us,
you don't have any monsters
either, Don Thousand.
And Numeron Dragon has
one last special ability.
Do you remember all those spell
and trap cards
that you destroyed?
Well, they're back!
Yuma.
You still fail to understand.
All you have done
is push yourself closer
to the ultimate end.
(gasping)
You believed destroying
Numeronius would hinder me,
but it is just the opposite!
Yaah!
When it is in my graveyard,
I can use it to XYZ summon
an even more powerful monster!
Arise from the great beyond!
Chaos Imaginary Number 1,000!
Numeronius Numeronia!
That monster has
100,000 attack points.
How is that even possible?
Aah!
(Don Thousand)
Though Numeronia
cannot attack,
your monsters must battle it
as long as it
remains on the field.
Should you choose
not to attack it...
then at the end of your turn...
you instantly lose.
(Nash)
So we have to attack
that thing or that's it?
It's all over?
No way...
Is there anything
you guys can do?
(Don Thousand chuckles evilly)
Only now do you realize
that you have no hope.
That you never had hope...
You are nothing.
(sinister chuckle)
That's where you're wrong.
Huh?
My friends and I are
more than you'll ever be.
And we'll never lose hope!
So for them...
For everyone I've ever known...
I'll fight to the very end.
I'm right there with ya, Yuma!
I am with you as well.
Until the end.
Ready?
Yes.
(both yelling)
(in unison)
When two kindred spirits unite,
their future has no limits!
Ultimate Zexal Morph!
Let's go!
I have never felt
this much power!
I activate...
Session Draw!
This trap
lets me draw two cards
at the start of my next turn.
And if the two cards I draw
both happen to be monster
cards with the same level...
I can use those cards
to XYZ summon.
So... a final
desperate scramble...
I end my turn.
This is the moment
of truth, Yuma.
Yup...
Let's do this... together.
Chaos Draw!
Destiny Shining Draw!
Aah!
Oh, yeah...
exactly what I needed!
It's Zexal Weapon
Tornado Bringer!
The card I drew is
Panther Shark!
They're both Level 5.
And that means one thing...
we can overlay
these two monsters
to XYZ summon!
(Nash)
Number 73: Abyss Splash!
And now I activate
the trap... Utopia Rising!
Utopia rises from my graveyard
and equips this card.
And I activate the trap,
Bonds of Hope!
When an XYZ Monster is
summoned onto our field,
I can summon another XYZ Monster
from the graveyard!
Number 100... Numeron Dragon
is back in action!
Furthermore, Bonds of Hope
moves all the Overlay Units
from one XYZ Monster
and puts it on another!
I move Abyss Splash's Overlay
Units on to Utopia!
Which means Utopia's now got
three Overlay Units.
All right, Yuma!
You know what to do next!
Count on it!
I activate Utopia Rising's
additional effect!
This enables Utopia to use
Numeron Dragon and Abyss
Splash's special abilities.
Utopia gains the powers
of the other two?
Amazing.
With those three monsters,
it's like Yuma, Kite, and Shark
are all fighting as one!
See, Don Thousand?
We'll fight together...
as a team.
We're gonna put you down...
Once and for all.
♪